Copy fundamental functionality from `github.com/elastic/beats/v7/libbeat/common` (#3)
elastic/elastic-agent-libs: README.md

# elastic-agent-libs

This repository is the home to the common libraries used by Elastic Agent and Beats.

Provided packages:

> * `github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/config` the previous `config.go` file from `github.com/elastic/beats/v7/libbeat/common`. A minimal wrpper aroung `github.com/elastic/go-ucfg`. It contains helpers for merging and accessing configuration objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/config` the previous `config.go` file from `github.com/elastic/beats/v7/libbeat/common`. A minimal wrapper around `github.com/elastic/go-ucfg`. It contains helpers for merging and accessing configuration objects.
```
